[birds chirping]
[tense music playing]
[Noel] We started with 12.
She's gonna get rid of me. I can see it.
No, I can't choose, but I do love him.
-He's my…
-Oh, God. It's the worst day of my life.
[Alison] Now…
It's the final.
Ah! You stupid oven.
…just three remain.
[Noel] But there can only be one winner.
I need to get my head sorted.
[Georgie] Ah, God. Definitely overbaked.
[chuckles nervously] Help. Ah!
[opening theme music playing]
[tense music playing]
-[Georgie] Good luck, guys.
-I know.
-Excited.
-Last time.
[Noel] For the finalists,
the title is within touching distance
but three challenges stand in their way.
[Christiaan] Oh, good luck, Dylan.
[Noel] At just 20 years of age,
Dylan's flair with flavour
has set him apart.
You're the flavour king this year.
[Noel] An ambitious baker,
he's not afraid to take risks.
[Paul] Never had anything like it.
-And when they work, he's unstoppable.
-My goodness.
As his three Hollywood handshakes…
I'm sick of giving them to you now.
-[all cheering]
-…and two Star Baker wins prove.
[Dylan] I'll never come to terms
with being in the final.
Yeah, it's really cool and I'm like,
obviously I'd love to win,
but if I feel nerves,
that's when things go wrong.
[Alison] Despite a rocky start…
Mine is melted to hell.
…Georgie's been the most consistent
of our three finalists.
Yes, Georgie. That's delicious.
Although she's never had
a Hollywood handshake…
Tell you what I'll do, give you a pat.
Pat. Oh, I'll take that!
Her traditional home baking style…
Just delicious. Very classic flavours.
…and beautiful decoration…
Could be sitting in front
of any bakery window.
…have seen her crowned Star Baker twice.
Georgie.
I would love to win.
I do want to win, I'm not gonna lie,
but I don't want to spend
my last week here being stressed.
I'm never doing it again,
so I'm going to enjoy it.
[Noel] Christiaan's sense of style
and eye for design
have seen him produce
some breathtaking bakes.
That's one of the best things
I've ever seen in the tent.
[Alison] But his fondness
for unusual flavour
hasn't always proved a hit.
And I like people working outside the box,
but it's a box I don't particularly like.
-[Noel] Always the bridesmaid…
-[Prue] Who is number two?
…with no technical
or Star Baker wins to his name,
week after week,
Christiaan was the nearly man until…
-Christiaan!
-[all cheering]
[Alison] Patisserie Week.
Finally named Star Baker,
he could be peaking
at just the right time.
[Christiaan] Georgie and Dylan,
they're definitely fierce competition,
but you're as good as your last bake
so that's a positive for me.
[tense music crescendoes]
[Alison] Welcome back to the tent.
You're in the final, guys.
How amazing is that?
So, for your signature challenge,
the judges would like you
to make 24 scones.
Twelve savoury and twelve sweet.
Your scones should be beautifully risen
and well baked.
You also have to make a filling
that will complement each batch.
[Alison] I have a little piece of advice.
Make sure your scones are nice.
[laughs] Powerful advice, Alison.
You're on fire.
I'm on fire,
but hopefully your scones won't be.
[imitates starting trumpet]
You have two hours.
-On your marks.
-Get set.
Bake!
[bright music playing]
This is it. The last signature.
I'm really sad, actually.
As much as it's stressful,
it's the best thing I've ever done,
so I'm gutted.
I don't think I'm ever confident,
but I've got some nice scones.
Hoping to make them look nice.
I never actually made a scone
before I started practising.
It's a little bit nerve-wracking.
Maybe a lot.
[Prue] Thousands of bakers
all over Britain
make perfectly good scones
and they'll think, "Scones?"
"I mean, for the final?"
Well, it is really difficult
to get a perfect scone.
We're looking for
a flat top and level sides.
Well risen and really crumbly.
[Paul] If you overfold a scone mixture,
it's tough as old boots.
Should feel like clouds.
[Prue] And we've got
three fantastic bakers.
-They'd all be worthy winners.
-[Paul] You can't call it.
Whoever brings their A-game is gonna win.
[birds chirping]
-Morning, Christiaan.
-Good morning.
-[Prue] Hello.
-Hello.
Tell us about your scones.
What are you doing?
So for the sweet ones,
I'm doing coconut and lime scone
with clotted cream
-as well as a passion fruit curd.
-Okay.
For my savoury scones, I'm doing a curry,
mustard, chilli, onion, cheese.
-Everything then?
-Basically everything.
-[Prue] Whole chilli?
-Yeah.
-And is all that going into the scones?
-Yes.
-I'm out of here.
-[laughs]
[Noel] To balance the heat
in his curried cheese scones,
Christiaan will serve them
with a whipped feta filling
sprinkled with parsley and pine nuts,
and he'll add toasted coconut
to his sweet scones for extra flavour.
Who's your biggest challenger in the tent?
If we could take someone out, who'd it be?
[whispers] Dylan. He's so good, isn't he?
-The things he comes up with is insane.
-On the day, anyone can win.
Yeah, yeah.
[Alison] While Christiaan attempts
to out-flavour the flavour king…
I'm using a lot of spices,
but I don't want them to overpower
and Prue not taste anything
but, like, burning mouth. [chuckles]
[Noel] …Dylan's taking a risk, too…
[Dylan] This is rice vinegar.
…putting his own twist on a classic.
I'm doing clotted cream
and strawberry, but elevating it.
I'm pickling strawberries
in chamomile and rice vinegar.
Pickling them adds, like,
a nice, gentle sourness.
[Alison] And he's not stopping there.
He'll also elevate his savoury scones.
Flavoured with fennel seeds,
he'll fill them with celeriac
and cream cheese purée,
sautéed fennel
and an elegant smoked salmon rose.
-You're in the final.
-We made it.
-I didn't think we would.
We did. I knew, I always knew.
I'm a witch.
-No pressure.
-Yeah.
If you don't win this, I'll be furious.
Is that all our friendship is based on?
Me winning? Is that it?
-While I've got a bet on you, yeah.
-If I was going…
-[Alison] But to win…
-I'm trying to mix it all together.
…the bakers must first produce
a batch of scones
light and fluffy in texture.
You don't wanna knead it
because kneading builds up the gluten
and that's where it turns into bread.
[Dylan] Feels dry
so I'll add moisture to it.
[Noel] But a perfect texture
is just half the battle.
So I'm rolling 'em out, cutting them.
[Noel] Each and every scone
across the batch
must be identical in shape and size.
The shape is down to how you cut them.
The raspberries can be
a bit of my enemy sometimes.
It's hard to get a completely uniform
shape when you've got a wet filling.
[Noel] And it's not just
Georgie's sweet scones
that are packed full of flavour.
She'll fold a Mediterranean mix
of olives, herbs and cheese
into her savoury scones too.
[Alison] How's it going,
my little Welsh wonder?
It's just mad.
I still can't believe I'm here.
It's lovely.
-What do the kids think of all this?
-They're excited.
-They're happy to get the kitchen back.
-Is the kitchen an absolute mess?
I am a mess, but my husband
cleans up after me, love him.
Good old hubby.
-Has it brought you closer?
-Yeah, I think so.
He's seen a different side to me.
And then I've seen the side
where he's supporting, so yeah.
-Aw. Teamwork, innit?
-Yeah, it is.
[Kris] It's been a family affair doing it,
especially with the kids.
I've turned into the mum of the house,
definitely, while she's been away.
The kids are asking every two minutes,
"How's Mummy? Is she doing well?"
I, myself, I'm sitting on pins.
I'm waiting for that phone call
to see how she's got on.
Whenever she's not in the tent,
she's been at home baking flat out.
That's Georgina.
If Georgina's gonna do something,
it'll be the best.
-Be the best of the best. [laughs]
-Yeah.
[Georgie] I've worked hard
over the last few weeks,
doing 14-hour shifts in the kitchen.
I've had to put the family
on the backburner, which has been hard.
Wow, did you draw that?
The kids are my life,
so it's been really hard
having to tell them no a lot.
Erm, and-- Oh, I'm getting…
Why am I getting emotional over that?
Aw.
[Kris] Georgina always thinks
of other people more than herself.
It's about time now that she sort of had
a limelight shining on her.
-[pops]
-Whoo.
I couldn't be any prouder
of what she's achieved.
Because she does doubt herself.
Winning this, it'll mean the world to her,
to be honest with you.
Hopefully she'll bring it home
for the Welsh.
Yaki da.
[all] Yaki da.
You are the very first Welsh person
in the final.
-Ever?
-Ever.
-Is it? Oh, my gosh.
-Yeah.
You're doing this for Wales.
It does mean a lot 'cause Wales,
as a nation, we all come together.
[Christiaan] Right, so then
these pop into the oven for 15 minutes.
[Alison] As their first batch
of scones begin baking…
[Georgie] 200 for 15 minutes.
…the bakers have no time
to catch a breath…
So here we've got the lime zest.
Now we're adding the coconut.
…as they still have
another dozen to prepare.
[Georgie] The savoury gets really sticky.
Let's not ruin the dress.
This is my savoury scone.
I love this. There's so many flavours.
Because I have fennel in the dough,
the last thing you're left with
is a taste of fennel.
And it's almost like everything you ate
was like a dream.
[Cesar] You can see when he's passionate.
When there's something he enjoys,
it shines through him.
He's had this curiosity about ingredients
and food for some time.
-[in Gujarati] He tastes everything
-Yeah.
And when he comes here
opens all the tins to see everything.
He'll taste it and ask,
"What's this? How did you make it?"
[Dylan, in Gujarati] Is it done?
[Prafula] No, it needs more time.
He doesn't clean up very well though?
[in English]
No, he's not good at cleaning up.
It's too much work and he can't do it.
No, he's very messy. [laughs]
[Noel] After finishing school with
an impressive four A-Stars at A-Level,
Dylan was due to start
a degree in biomedical engineering.
But it wasn't where his heart was.
He started looking up recipes,
really developing an interest in cooking.
He seems to have this real knack
for, er, very innovative
and different flavours,
which I think is what sets him apart.
-[producer] Can he win?
-I think he can.
But, er, regardless of the outcome,
I'm very proud of him,
that he's reached this stage.
[woman] Go, Dylan.
-[all cheering]
-Dylan.
Okay, question on my lips.
-What?
-How bad do you want it?
I do want it. It'd be good.
-Be a nice final touch to this, you know?
-Yeah.
Imagine if you actually won that, aged 20?
So these should be coming out now. Ooh.
They look like a scone.
Yeah, they look all right, innit?
[Georgie] Ah.
[Alison] Georgie's not quite so happy
with the state of her sweet scones.
The raspberry ones aren't rising right.
So I'll definitely just remake them.
[Alison] She's not alone.
[Dylan] That's not right.
They don't look great.
How much time have we got?
Bakers, you are halfway through
your final signature.
That's not great.
So this is the Greek scones.
They're going in now.
I'm gonna need more flour,
more butter and more milk.
[Noel] As Dylan and Georgie race
to remake their misshapen scones…
So I've put less fresh in these
and see how they rise.
I've got some dough on my shoe.
[Christiaan] All right, here we go.
…with his final batch
of sweet scones in the oven…
So I'm just gonna make the whipped feta.
…Christiaan can push on with fillings.
Whip it. [laughs]
[Noel] How's it going?
It's very exciting, I think.
What do you think's got you
into the final?
-[in Christiaan's accent] The flavours?
-The flavours.
The flavours.
If you have three good bakes,
you basically win.
I know.
[Nick] He's put in so much work.
So much work, I think.
I do not think
I could have done it myself.
Practising from dawn till dusk, every day.
He comes into the door and I've shoved,
like, three cakes down his throat.
I've not even put my bag down from work
and there's a piece of cake in my hand.
-But I'm not complaining.
-[laughs]
-Oh, how cute.
-So cute.
-So Dutch, in a bike.
-Yeah.
[Alison] Christiaan and Nick
first met six years ago,
quickly bonding
over a shared love of baking.
I grew up watching Bake Off.
It's something I've always loved.
And when I met Christiaan,
it came on telly,
"Have you seen this?" He's like, "No."
We watched it and absolutely loved it.
I never once thought
that he would choose to go on it,
let alone get to the final.
-You know?
-I know. It's crazy.
It was… Yeah, it is crazy.
But in a very good way.
[laughs]
[Nick] I know how
amazingly talented he is.
However, there's been times
when he's needed reassurance.
[Christiaan] I do struggle
with anxiety sometimes.
Because I always push myself
for more and better.
There are moments
that you're crying in your kitchen
over your cake
that's completely collapsed.
I don't think I could've done it
without Nick's support.
There we go.
I am indescribably proud of Christiaan.
He has done so, so well
and I absolutely believe
Christiaan can win.
[Christiaan] All right,
so that's 15 minutes.
They look really nice and golden,
so I'm quite happy. Yeah.
[Dylan] Bloody hell.
Christiaan's scones smell so good.
I need to get my savoury ones in quickly.
[Georgie] Two minutes for savoury.
Some of them are falling
all over the place as well.
But they're better than the sweet ones.
All right, please work.
Bakers, you have half an hour left.
Right, onto the fillings.
[Dylan] The celeriac purée.
[Georgie] Tapenade.
-[whirring]
-[Christiaan] Passion fruit curd.
Delicious.
Oh, bugger this. It's not enough celeriac.
I'm running out of time.
Ah! You stupid oven.
[Dylan] Sweet scones are coming out.
Oh, my goodness. I can't see.
Oh, they look beautiful. Look at them.
My savoury ones need a bit longer.
Just assembling now.
Six plain and six filled.
The nice and straight tall ones,
you wanna keep 'em unfilled
'cause then they can see the rise on it.
The fillings for the sweet ones are there.
So this is almost ready.
The whipped Greek cheese.
[Dylan] I won't get everything done.
I still got to finish my celeriac purée
so I'm gonna sauté the fennel
to get colour.
[Noel] As Christiaan prepares
to start filling,
both Dylan and Georgie's remade scones
are finally out of the oven.
[Georgie] The sweet ones
have 100% risen much better.
I'm gonna put them in the freezer quickly.
Need them to cool down as-- Ooh!
…soon as possible.
Bakers, you've just got ten minutes left.
Oh, my goodness.
[Noel] Georgie, your freezer door's open.
It's getting colder in here.
[Christiaan] Piping on whipped feta.
[Georgie] Start spreading the tapenade.
The time just goes so quickly.
A few little pine nuts on top.
Fresh parsley on top as well to kind of
get that extra little bit of freshness.
[Dylan] The celeriac purée.
Dill oil comes next.
Squeeze this all through. Oh.
Bakers, you have five minutes left.
Oh, my God.
-Don't think I have time to do them.
-[Georgie] This is passion fruit curd.
It's nice and thick. It's how I want it.
[Christiaan] Clotted cream on top.
Oh, it's a bit liquid, innit?
The tops now and the chocolate.
And then they're done.
-Gonna be all right?
-I dunno. We'll have to see.
Well, I'm not happy with
how it's leaking out but is what it is.
Bakers, you've got one minute left.
[Dylan] It shouldn't have been this tight.
-Christiaan, are you done?
-Yeah.
-Could I have a hand?
-What we doing?
Could you just pipe clotted cream
on all the jam ones?
Oh, thanks so much, mate.
Honestly, you've saved my life.
Oh.
It's falling out.
[Dylan] Concentrate.
[Noel] Bakers, your time is up.
Please step away from your scones.
[sighs]
[tense music playing]
We did it. [laughs]
[Georgie] Mine didn't rise
very well at all.
[softly] Dylan.
[Dylan] They look like a mess.
[Alison] It's judgement time
in the final signature challenge.
-Hello.
-Hi, Christiaan.
[tense classical music playing]
-[Paul] I like the look of these.
-[Prue] Very uniform, they look delicious.
-[Paul] They do. This is the curry.
-Yeah.
-That's a busy little scone, isn't it?
-There's a lot going on. [laughs]
[Prue] Mmm.
That is very interesting.
It's a comforting, warm feeling
and then this light, fresh kick.
-Parsley's there.
-[Prue] Mmm.
You could've given it a few more minutes.
-Right.
-[Prue] It's a little bit doughy.
[Paul] But you've done well
with the flavour.
[Prue] Now the sweet ones.
-[Paul] It's melted as you were doing it.
-It has, yeah.
You really do get the coconut,
which is lovely.
[Paul] The curd is delicious.
You've got something unusual
and you've baked them well.
-They're excellent.
-Thank you very much.
[Paul] Well done.
[whispers] Well done.
[suspenseful music playing]
-Some are a bit wobbly.
-[Georgie] Yeah.
The overall shape's not good.
Yeah.
[Paul] Let's start with
one of the, erm, savoury ones.
-It's a bit tough but I do like the taste.
-[Georgie] Yeah.
The Mediterranean flavour
really comes through.
Let's look at the sweet ones.
That's a bit lighter and cakier.
[Paul] There's not enough flavour.
If you're gonna put raspberries,
you need a lot.
-I love it with the filling.
-[Prue] Passion fruit, cream.
-What's not to like?
-Yeah.
[Paul] You've done a decent job on both.
Not quite polished enough
but the flavour ideas are good.
-Thank you, Georgie.
-Thanks.
-[Noel whispers] Well done, Georgie.
-Thank you.
[suspenseful music playing]
It's really messy.
-[Paul] Okay.
-[Prue] Savoury ones.
The scone is nice and light.
Fennel seed works really well with it.
[Paul] I was worried about being over…
-Overcomplicated. Me too. But it works.
-Yeah.
-They're delicious.
-Thank you.
[Paul] But let's have a look
at the sweet one, Prue.
-They're a bit tougher actually, these.
-Okay.
And the strawberry
wasn't strawberry enough.
Pickling the whole thing
and then the chamomile.
I don't get enough of the chamomile
or strawberry.
Perhaps there's just not enough of it.
-Yeah.
-[Paul] Thank you, Dylan.
-[whispers] Well done.
-Cheers.
[suspenseful music playing]
Brutal. They just weren't good enough.
And it's just annoying.
You don't do justice to what
you've spent a week trying to perfect.
I knew the shapes wouldn't be right.
They enjoyed the flavours.
It's gonna come down to
nitty-gritty things 'cause it's the final.
I think that went okay.
I'm happy they said
that the flavours were good.
But, yeah, the technical,
it's the final, so they're gonna
throw just anything at us.
[Dylan] I enjoy the technicals.
If I do well,
I'll feel a lot better
about going in tomorrow.
Yeah.
[Alison] With their signature complete,
the bakers now face one final
gingham-shrouded mystery challenge.
Hello, bakers, welcome back to the tent.
It's time for your last-ever
technical challenge.
Now, today your technical challenge
has been set for you
by the goddess of gâteau, Prue Leith.
Have you got any words of advice
for our finalists?
This is a bit complicated,
so make a plan.
Now, as ever,
this technical will be judged blind,
so we're gonna have to ask these guys
to leave the tent.
Okay, now, Prue would love you to make
a stunning afternoon tea display.
Your afternoon tea should consist of
four individual lemon sandwich cakes.
Four strawberry tarts.
And four plaited egg and cress rolls.
-You got three hours for this.
-On your mark.
-Get set.
-Bake!
[sighs] Oh, gosh.
Make a plan.
I mean, it's not the most difficult thing
but it's doing it all in time.
Things need to prove, to chill.
There's a lot going on.
Never made an afternoon tea.
I just can't mess this up.
Afternoon tea.
Now, I think you've chosen three classics.
You've got a beautiful egg roll,
you have strawberry tarts,
and then you have the lemon sponge.
All the bakers will know how to make
bread, pastry, cake,
so this is really a challenge
about organisation.
Obviously, we have to start at the bottom
with the sandwiches.
We're covering some of the things
already covered this year like plaiting.
They can overwork it so easily.
The bread is very light. It's lovely.
[Paul] They have egg mayonnaise filling.
Do they have to grow the cress?
They don't have to grow the cress
or lay the eggs.
-Right, okay.
-They just have to boil them.
[Paul] Strawberry. I do like these.
The pâte sucrée tastes beautiful.
Delicate and crumbly.
But they can overwork it.
They have to get it nice and thin.
Finally, this little lemon sponge
is fantastic. It looks beautiful.
It's a buttery, moist sponge.
There's baking powder in there,
so they need to be careful
not to fill it too much
or it'll rise like a soufflé and sink.
It's a difficult challenge
simply because there's so much to do.
And we need to see
every element perfectly executed.
-Mess up one of these things…
-I know.
…it could snowball.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Georgie] I'm thinking
what needs to be done first.
-Start with the bread.
-[Christiaan] Get that dough going.
I give it a little knead by hand.
You want to have that proving ASAP.
-This bread just seems so high hydration.
-Ugh, sticky.
[Dylan] It's like,
"Come on. Come together."
Christiaan's has good gluten development.
That's done.
Right, so that's in to prove.
Maybe 30-40 minutes.
[Alison] It's your last technical.
-They've really pulled out the stops.
-[Alison] Not messing around.
[Georgie] As long as there's a rhythm
and everything gets done.
When you say a rhythm.
I can drop you a beat. Here we go.
♪ First the cake
And then the pastry then the bread ♪
[both laughing]
I'm gonna make pâte sucrée
for the strawberry tarts
'cause that needs to chill.
I'm gonna make this
and then the sponges. [sighs]
Maybe I'm wrong but I wanna make
my cake second, rather than my tarts.
I need four of these
and then I'll cut these in half. Yeah.
[Noel] As Dylan's sponges hit the heat…
[Dylan] Twelve minutes, then check 'em.
-…Georgie and Christiaan's pastry…
-[Christiaan] That looks lovely.
…can begin to chill.
The key to a short pastry
is to keep it really cold.
-[Noel] How are you? You seem happy.
-This morning went all right.
You take that positive energy
into the next challenge.
How much that set you back,
a grey wobbly fork? What's that for?
-They're hard to eat with but--
-It's for waving at the queen.
-What is that for?
-It's a pastry brush.
It's a strawberry caresser.
[in creepy voice] Oh, yeah, that.
Noel, what's going on?
[Georgie] I'm going onto the sponges.
Creaming together
the butter and the sugar.
Just do the tart cases.
Create a little shaggy dough.
I'll weigh this
'cause I'll have to divide.
[Alison] Each one of Prue's lemon cakes
is built from two layers of sponge.
They're sandwiched,
so you need eight sponges.
Right, let's pop these babies in.
[Alison] And while Christiaan and Georgie
have opted to bake eight thin sponges…
I'll do ten minutes to start off with.
I'll check again at six minutes.
…Dylan's decided to make four fat layers
that he'll split into two once cooled.
[Dylan] Those cupcakes look awful.
Don't know why they've sunk in the middle.
I'll just remake them. [grunts]
-Bakers, you are halfway through.
-[timer beeps]
-That went quick.
-[Christiaan] See how they are doing.
[Georgie] I might have
slightly overbaked them.
The cakes are doing it again.
They've just mushroomed out. Failed again.
So annoying. I'm losing my mind.
Babes, you've got this.
You're normally really good at this stuff.
-[Dylan] Everything's going wrong.
-Aw, I don't like seeing my Dylan low.
Give me a piggyback. Let's cheer you up.
[laughs]
I'll roll my pastry out, cut the shapes.
[Christiaan]
I should've rolled it thinner.
They should turn out really pretty
if they're done okay.
[whispers] Why won't this--
I just keep tearing the pastry.
I need to bake my pastry shells.
Put these in for ten minutes to start.
[tense music playing]
Bakers, you've got an hour left.
Let's get on with this bread.
Definitely doubled in size. Out of this,
we are making four plaited rolls.
So it's a five-stranded plait.
I can't remember how Paul did
that plait he did. Ding-ding-ding.
Move to the middle.
This one to the middle.
I'll keep saying it.
Can't remember how to do this.
One over two… [groans]
[Christiaan] So we've got two here,
got two more to do.
Er, this is the last one. Who does this?
I've done this twice,
and every time I've done it different.
Oh, my days.
Oh, look at our Christiaan
doing his little plaiting.
-It's a little bit like an art project.
-Look at that.
Think that's right.
I honestly have no clue any more.
-Do they have to prove?
-I'll put these in to prove.
They should take about 20 to 30 minutes.
-[timer beeping]
-Oh, who are you?
All right, let's take
these babies out for now.
[Dylan] So, they've shrunk a bit.
Yeah, I think they're all right.
Golden-ish.
[Georgie] Ah, God. Definitely overbaked.
Hopefully, the filling will save it.
Go. Action.
Bakers, you've got half an hour left.
My bread has proved nicely.
[Dylan] It looks terrible,
none of them look equal.
So egg wash and then Nigella seeds on top.
I might egg wash my whole house.
-Oh, no, don't.
-Why not?
-Have you tried?
-No. We've got pebbledash.
People did it before because it was
all the rage in I think it was the '80s?
You've said so many things in your accent
that blow my mind.
-Was it?
-"All the rage."
[Dylan] All right, let's bake them.
Ten minutes.
So this is the lemon curd for the cake.
[Georgie] The curd is ready here.
Can I switch sides?
-[Alison] Yeah, go on.
-[vocalises]
[both laugh]
[Christiaan] I'm just
gonna chill this curd.
Bread rolls are ready.
-They felt right but don't look great.
-Got a nice golden colour.
[Alison] Bakers,
you've got ten minutes left.
You've got ten minutes to go.
It's the final.
[mimics lasers]
I'm gonna make the egg mayo.
I've cooked my eggs soft-boiled.
Gah! [laughs]
Ugh! I don't know whether I'm meant
to chop it or what. It's disgusting.
Start decorating and assembling.
[Dylan] Wish I had my tweezers.
It's so hard.
[Georgie] Going on to sponges.
[Dylan] I'll cut them in half.
I can make these look all right.
This is the mascarpone cream cheese.
Doing a little dam around
and then filling it with the curd.
Let's move on to strawberry tarts.
Don't know how they should look.
[Georgie] I don't know
how to decorate these.
You've got one minute left.
-Ah!
-[Dylan] Why does everything look ugly?
I need to get my head sorted.
This is stressing me out.
I don't know how they want them.
They look a mess.
[Dylan] Feels like everything
turned out wrong.
[Georgie] I don't wanna touch these tarts
any more. Getting on my nerves.
Bakers, your time is up.
Everything's so bad today. [sighs]
Please bring your afternoon tea displays
down to the table
and place them behind your photographs.
-[Georgie] Okay?
-Yeah.
[Noel] Paul and Prue are expecting
three afternoon teas fit for a final,
with four plaited egg and cress rolls,
four scrumptious strawberry tarts
and four delicate lemon sandwich cakes.
Shall we start with that one?
-[Paul] There's definition in the plait.
-Yeah.
It's a shame they didn't cut it open
and put the egg in
'cause you wanna show off what the filling
is rather than cutting it on the side.
-The bread roll is good.
-It's got a bite to it
but it's soft and lovely.
Moving on to the strawberry tart.
I mean, it's quite pretty.
Snaps well.
-Oh.
-[all laugh]
Lovely, isn't it? Perfectly baked.
-[Paul] Okay, the sponge cakes.
-Sponge cakes.
-That's quite neat, that, isn't it?
-[Prue] It is.
[Paul] Wow.
-That's got a nice texture too.
-I wouldn't mind that at all.
-No.
-For my afternoon tea.
[Paul] Moving on to this one.
It is quite neat. Nice definition.
-[Prue] They look mostly the same.
-They do.
A lovely texture to the roll.
-[Prue] The egg and cress is delicious.
-Let's look at these tarts.
I'm not convinced of that layout.
-The pastry's definitely overbaked.
-Mmm.
Let's try the sponge.
-It's really difficult to cut it in half.
-Yeah. It is. [laughs]
[Prue laughs]
-Lemon curd is a winner.
-Mmm.
-Just delicious.
-Slightly overbaked.
That's why you struggle
when you cut it. Literally…
-It's too hard.
-…pushed apart.
-Moving on to this one.
-[Prue] A bit uneven.
-All over the place.
-The plaiting wasn't perfect.
[Paul] The plaiting was terrible. [laughs]
It's baked okay but it's a little dense.
The dough is just too tight.
-Right, the pastry's a bit rough.
-[Prue] And it's too thick.
-I think it's been done in a hurry.
-[Paul] Yeah. Moving on.
-[Prue] The sponge looks uneven.
-Yeah. It's the way it's been cut.
Flavour's lovely. Lemon curd's good.
-[Paul] That sponge's a little ropey.
-But this… Mmm.
It's not good.
Okay, this is gonna be tricky.
[Alison] Paul and Prue will now rank
the afternoon teas from worst to first.
Right, in third place we have this one.
Dylan, your bread wasn't very good,
there was no height in the strawberries,
and the sponge wasn't your best.
Okay, in second place we have this one.
Whose is this?
Georgie, not too bad.
I quite like these, little bit overbaked.
-These, burnt.
-Yeah.
I liked the bread.
The overall look was decent.
Which means, Christiaan,
that this is in first place.
The rolls were perfect.
Tartlets look beautiful
and those little lemon cakes
were just delicious. So, well done.
Thank you.
Finally I can say,
I'm not the bridesmaid but the bride.
I finally got a first in technical
after all these weeks. [laughs]
I knew I'd overbaked those tartlets.
It always comes down
to the showstopper. Anyone could win it.
I think it's so disheartening.
I've done so badly in both the challenges.
[Prue] Another day tomorrow.
Tomorrow will be perfect.
I won't let anything slip up.
[breathes deeply]
Yeah, I'll just make sure of it.
[Georgie] Remember to have fun.
We're allowed to get a bit stressed.
-But just enjoy.
-Just enjoy it.
-It's the last time we'll do this.
-Yes.
[Noel] Just one challenge remains
in this year's Baking Show.
-[Dylan] Good luck.
-[Georgie] And you.
[Christiaan] Good luck.
[Paul] Looking over the two challenges,
Georgie and Christiaan
have really come into their own.
-Yeah.
-They've upped it a level.
[Paul] But Christiaan has got
his nose in front.
[in Christiaan's accent]
It's all about the flavours.
[laughter]
But let's be honest, Dylan has messed up.
-He's messed up two challenges.
-[Paul] He has.
Dylan's very young
and he cares so much about baking.
But if he has a problem,
he's quite emotional and can't hide it.
When it comes to Georgie, can she win?
Yes, of course she can.
All of these three could win.
Dylan could come back with a blinder.
I'd hate to call it.
I think, going into the final showstopper,
it will be the weight of the world
on their shoulders.
This is the big one.
It's a difficult challenge,
something will go wrong,
and the one that deals with those problems
is the one that wins.
Oh, I can't wait.
[dramatic music playing]
-Bakers, it's your final bake ever.
-Phew!
So the judges would like you to make
an exquisitely decorated hanging cake
fit for a summer garden party.
[Noel] Your cake should consist
of at least three tiers,
have two fillings
and be exquisitely decorated.
Remember, this is your final chance
to impress these beautiful judges,
so do not hold back.
And do not rule out blackmail
or massaging Paul's feet.
-[chuckles]
-[Alison] You have four and a half hours.
-On your marks.
-Get set.
Bake.
[lively music playing]
[Georgie] I'm a nervous wreck.
I've never made a three-tier cake,
so this is really pushing me.
[Christiaan] There is
a lot of cake to bake.
And if I pull it off I'll be happy.
[Dylan] I'm tense.
I don't want to mess up like yesterday.
It's the final showstopper
and we're asking them
to produce a hanging cake.
If I was a baker, I would be
absolutely terrified. [chuckling]
I just need to stop panicking.
[Prue] As they're hanging,
precision is really important.
You don't want collapsed cake.
[Paul] The critical thing is,
what sponge do you use?
You'd be tempted to use a light
whisked sponge like a genoise.
The problem with that
is because it's defying gravity,
there's an extra pressure on that.
You could concertina up the sponges.
And it has to taste like the best cake
you've ever eaten.
You don't want a mismatch of flavours.
[Paul] I want to see
impeccable decoration, exquisite design.
This has to be absolutely perfect.
[music concludes]
I wanted to do something special.
So this is gonna be a lemon, strawberries
and champagne cake.
Nice light, fluffy cake.
Perfect for a celebration.
[Noel] With the Baking Show crown
tantalisingly close,
Georgie's final bake will celebrate
the taste of summer.
Her classic combination of lemon sponge
bursting with champagne
and strawberry confit,
zesty lemon curd and champagne
and elderflower mascarpone Chantilly.
She'll add elderflower to her buttercream
for a floral decorative flourish.
So, I'm gonna do palette knife flowers
on the top and bottom.
-The middle tier, a rose garden stencil.
-[Paul and Prue] Wow.
How do you feel?
You're in with a shout of winning.
I'd fall to the floor
and roll down the hill.
-[chuckles]
-You better had do. I wanna see that.
[all laughing]
[Noel] But Georgie's lemon cake
faces stiff competition.
And it's gonna be like
a lemon poppyseed cake.
[Alison] True to form, Christiaan's giving
this classic a unique twist.
I thought it'd be fun
if it could be something
that is a little more out there.
It's gonna have raspberry jam
with liquorice in it.
-[Paul] Liquorice is nice.
-Raspberry and liquorice. Never had that.
[Noel] It's not just the jam
that's being given
the full Christiaan flavour treatment.
He'll add lemon thyme and cardamom
to his poppyseed-packed sponge too,
while his decoration
celebrates his love of design,
each tier a mix of unusual
and contrasting shape.
-He's on fire. Fire.
-Oh.
You are on fire at the minute.
You've won a technical,
you've been Star Baker, had the handshake.
It's insane. Like, boom-boom-boom.
All you've gotta do is get the trophy.
Are you feeling it?
-It's in your grasp. Innit?
-I can feel it in my hand.
-Like, you know…
-[both laugh]
[Alison] But to get their hands
on the prize,
first they must make and bake
a huge quantity of perfect sponge.
There's so much. It's about
eight and a half kilos, this cake.
It is quite big.
It's an oil based sponge,
so it should be sturdy which is good.
[Georgie] We need it to be able to hold up
all the three tiers.
Hold the fillings.
Definitely needs to be stable.
[Noel] But Dylan's decided
to risk sacrificing stability
for a sponge as light as air.
[Dylan] I'm doing a genoise sponge.
Last time I made genoise,
it got messed up, last week.
But I've done this many times.
I'm not expecting any hiccoughs today.
I'd be upset if there was.
[Alison] His final shot at the title,
Dylan's delicate genoise
infused with Earl Grey tea
and filled with mascarpone cream
and candied orange
will form a three-tiered hanging cake
inspired by his travels
to the Italian fishing town of Murano,
famous for its glass blowing.
[Dylan] It was cool. I loved the colours.
And hopefully if I have time,
-I'll do some isomalt glass blowing on it.
-Wow.
What I'm worried about
is that genoise is such a light cake.
Will they concertina?
-No.
-Okay.
Yesterday wasn't your best day,
but it's all to play for today.
-It's up to you now.
-[Dylan] I know.
-It's all in your hands.
-Yeah.
[Noel] With at least six sponges to bake
and just one oven…
[Georgie] Okay.
…not only is batch-baking a must…
[blows sharply]
…but managing time and temperature
will be crucial too.
Thirty minutes to start but it might
take longer because it's a fuller oven.
While those are baking, I'm getting
all my fillings and everything ready.
I haven't got my cakes in yet. Ridiculous.
My genoise is a bit clumpy
so I'm just gonna keep folding it.
As soon as they're in the oven,
I can start my fillings.
[Georgie grunts]
This is strawberry confit.
We're gonna add a champers. Paul?
-[cork pops]
-[exclaims]
Yeah! Oh!
You can do this cake
without the champagne.
I'm using the champagne
because it's the final!
[Christiaan] This is raspberry
liquorice jam.
In the Netherlands, we love our liquorice.
[Dylan] Right, let's move.
At home they take 38 minutes,
but they'll take longer here,
I'll check them.
I'm worried about them.
The batter just wasn't
as nice as it always is.
There were a few lumps.
I hope it's all right.
[vocalises] Georgie…
[in normal voice] How are you?
-[Georgie] All right.
-What's happening?
I'm hyper today. Hyper-focussed, frantic.
-[Noel] Are you?
-Yeah. I'm ADHD.
-ADH-- Are you?
-Yeah.
Okay, so this is you
in full ADHD concentrating.
Spider diagram of like a million things
and then I pop from one diagram
to the other
and then I cut off each branch.
-I think, "She's nailing this."
-Yes.
-Then I go to walk away…
-[laughs]
…and you're thinking about the Pope.
That's usually how it works.
Something pops in your head.
Thinking about juggling.
That's what it's like. [laughs]
[pleasant music playing]
So these cakes are coming out the oven
in about two seconds.
-[timer beeps]
-There we go.
They're looking okay.
The bakes in the technical were overbaked
so I really wanna get these ones right.
[Christiaan] These look nice.
[Dylan] I'm making
my Earl Grey buttercreams.
Got my candied oranges on the hob.
The sponges are in the oven.
Come on, come on, come on, please bake.
[Georgie] I need to get my curd underway.
I want this quite sharp
'cause it's a sweet cake,
so we want this to be… [whistles]
So here I've got the French buttercream.
I don't want lemon thyme leaves
in there, but you want the flavour.
[Georgie] Oh.
[Noel] As Georgie's sponges exit the oven…
[Georgie] Looks a bit over.
I'm cutting the tops and bottoms off
anyway so it should be okay.
…and the last batch of Christiaan's go in…
Crazy, innit, might be the last cakes
I'm baking unless they go wrong.
[Alison] …for Dylan's genoise,
it's the moment of truth.
Small ones don't look right.
[dramatic music playing]
[Dylan] They all have clumps of flour.
I knew it going in.
I had a feeling it would be bad
and it was.
Bakers, you are halfway through.
[sighs]
[Christiaan] Let's get these out.
These bottom ones
are a little bit lighter.
I might just give the whole thing
two more minutes.
I'm cutting the tops off.
This can soak into the cake,
the strawberry-lemonade syrup.
-[Christiaan] Right.
-I'll start stacking.
We're not nervous or anxious. [laughs]
[clanging]
[sighs deeply]
[Georgie] This is the filling.
Mascarpone Chantilly.
-[Christiaan] Raspberry and liquorice jam.
-I don't like liquorice.
But you need to taste this.
-[Alison] Is it different together?
-Yeah, definitely.
-You know what you're doing.
-You know me.
[Georgie] So this is the curd.
And the confit.
Some people like thin cakes, lots of it.
I prefer big wedge of cake,
big wedge of filling.
[Noel] Filling and stacking
is still a way off for Dylan.
[Dylan] The problem is at the bottom.
You can see these clumps of flour.
If I cut them out, the top should be fine.
I'm gonna have to use those
but I'm making more
of the small cakes as well.
I'm worried about time.
Bakers, you've got one hour left.
[Christiaan] I don't wanna jinx it
but I'm all right in terms of schedule.
[Georgie] They're all fully stacked.
So the final hour, I want to just be
finishing touches, decoration
and getting that cake on that stand.
So this is why it's such a rush.
[Noel] This is exciting. Piping nozzles.
All the baking people at home
are like… [squeals]
[Dylan] I can get this done.
It's gonna be a push.
[Noel] Smiling still?
-Semi-smiling.
-Little bit.
-[exclaims]
-Yeah.
-It's scary.
-[Noel] Yeah.
[Georgie] These are gonna be the flowers.
This is like oil painting.
[Christiaan] In terms of design,
I'll go abstract.
The top tier is gonna be origami-inspired.
[Dylan] I still have a cake
I need to crumb coat and layer.
-[Alison] This is stunning.
-Who knows what it's gonna taste like.
Can you believe this is the bake
between winning or losing?
-This is your bake.
-This is it.
[Dylan] I'll roll out the fondant,
stick it on.
[Georgie] This is the stencil.
It's a bit patchy, which is annoying.
I want things to be perfect.
[Christiaan]
Doing a marble effect on this.
[Dylan] I don't wanna make this beautiful.
I want it to look like plastered walls.
The marbling looks horrible,
so I'm gonna ganache over this again.
[Dylan] I won't get everything done.
Probably won't be able
to do the sugar blowing.
I'd like to do the moss.
[tense music playing]
How's it going? And are you enjoying it?
-Yeah, that's a big word.
-[Alison] "Enjoying"?
"Enjoying."
[Georgie] What am I doing?
[music stops]
What did I come over here for?
Bakers, you've got half an hour left.
You're doing so well. Keep going.
That's good. I need to stack the cakes
onto the hanging pole.
[Dylan] Right, big brush. [sighs]
-[Georgie] Oh, God.
-What's wrong?
I don't wanna do it.
If that drops, the cake's gone.
So scary.
[sighs] Okay.
-[Noel] Yeah?
-[Georgie] Yeah. [sighs]
[Georgie and Noel exhale]
Okay. I'm gonna start building the cake.
How's it hanging? Will it hang?
I hope it hangs.
Is that the hard part?
[Christiaan] It's not the hardest part.
But you need to allow yourself
enough time for it.
Bakers, you have 15 minutes left.
[Dylan] I'll do the cupcakes.
[grunts]
[laughs]
Let's get it on,
I don't wanna be left without it on.
[Georgie] Hand is wobbly now.
Christiaan's is amazing.
[Christiaan] Oh.
Is the cake touching?
Gonna have roses on the top of it now.
Summer party, so flowers.
Bakers, you've got five minutes left.
[chuckles nervously] Help. Ah!
I can't do it.
[sighs]
Okay. [sighs]
-[Alison] Ready? I'll support the bottom.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-[Alison] Beautiful.
[sighs]
[sighs] Ah.
Oh. It's hanging.
Bakers, one minute left.
[intense music playing]
[exhales deeply]
[grunts]
[Georgie] Need help?
The moss cupcakes,
could you break them up?
[Christiaan] I'm not happy
with the middle.
But I'm just happy that it's hanging.
It's hot.
[groans]
Smash it.
[intense music continues]
Bakers, your time is up.
[music fades]
[sighs]
[gentle music playing]
It's out of my hands now.
Well done.
That's it, you've done all that you can.
-[crew cheering]
-[Georgie] Oh, my God.
[Christiaan laughs]
-Bloody did it.
[all applauding]
[intense music playing]
[Noel] The winner of this year's
Baking Show
will be announced
at a very special garden party.
Here to cheer them on
are their families and some old friends.
-[bell dings]
-[all cheer]
It's amazing to be back to see
everyone all decked out, looking pukka.
And the love brings back
some beautiful memories.
I can't believe I'm here, it's so fun.
Having food,
laughing on the merry-go-round,
it's great.
I'm back! I've only had a week away.
Nice to be enjoying it
with the other bakers
and just having a nice time
while somebody else sweats in the tent.
For me, it has to be Georgie.
She just sums up everything
that is perfect about home baking.
If I was gonna put my money on it,
I'd say Dylan maybe.
Dylan is extraordinary,
but my personal hope is Christiaan.
He's kind of snuck in as that underdog.
I think Christiaan might take it.
I'm nervous just thinking about
being in their position,
so I can't imagine how they feel.
[dramatic music playing]
Dylan, would you like to bring up
your hanging cake, please?
[Alison] We're coming to get ya.
-[Noel] Yeah?
-[Dylan] Yeah.
[intense music playing]
Dylan, tell us all about
your hanging cake.
So, mine is inspired
by the houses in Murano.
It's abstract, isn't it?
You'd have to explain
to everybody at the party
-what was going on here?
-[Paul] What it is.
-Yeah.
-It's not obvious.
-You'd never guess.
-Yes.
[Prue] What you've got really beautifully
is that feeling of crumbling plaster.
-Shall we taste them?
-[Paul] Okay.
It's Earl Grey genoise
with a mascarpone cream in between layers
with some candied orange
and an Earl Grey buttercream
on the outside.
[Prue] Mmm.
The tea works really well.
-Thanks.
-[Paul] I like the candied orange.
It does work well
with the Earl Grey and the sponge.
-You've got quite a concertinaed sponge.
-[Dylan] Yeah.
You know I think the candied orange
works so well, but you needed more of it.
[Paul] When you get the candied orange
and the Earl Grey sponge, it's delicious.
When you look at the levels on this
where you've got an inch of mascarpone…
-[Dylan] Yeah.
-[Paul] The same there,
they're barely a quarter of an inch.
It's not well balanced.
Was this because it was a rush?
The top one was the last one.
I tried to get it out quickly.
-You were in a hurry.
-Yeah.
But nevertheless, fascinating work.
-Thank you, Dylan.
-[Prue] Well done.
-Is your tongue blue?
-Yes.
-It is.
-[all laughing]
[laughter]
-[Paul] Take it away.
-[all laughing]
Well done, babe.
-Cheers.
-[Christiaan] Well done.
Georgie, ready for your showstopper?
-As I'll ever be.
-[Alison] Let's do it.
[Noel] Oh, my God.
-This is scary as hell.
-[Georgie] Yeah. Ooh.
-[Alison] There you go.
-[Georgie] Okay.
So, Georgie, tell us about
this magnificent showstopper.
My cake is inspired by summer gardens.
It's a lemon sponge
with champagne and elderflower mascarpone,
lemon curd and strawberry confit.
-Well, it says summer, doesn't it?
-[Paul] Mmm.
It's so pretty.
[Paul] You did an amazing job
with the stencil work.
And the piping with the buttercream
looks great.
-Beautiful. Anyway.
-[Paul] Right.
[Prue] Look at that.
[Paul] That's an impressive wedge
to come out of that cake.
So you've done an all-in-one sponge?
Creamed.
-[Paul] They look well baked.
-[Prue] They look beautiful.
That is utterly delicious.
[chuckling] Oh, thank you.
-It's like a trifle.
-[Prue] It is.
Because it's got so much lovely filling.
The elderflower works really nicely in it.
The sponge is baked nice and even.
[Prue] The filling is lovely,
the mascarpone is soft and luxurious
and it complements
the sharpness of the lemon.
If someone gave me that at a summer party,
I'd be a happy man.
-Oh. Absolutely delicious.
-Aw. Thank you.
[Paul] Well done, Georgie.
-[whispers] Well done.
-[Georgie] Thank you.
[Noel] Smashed it.
Oh, guys.
Christiaan, it's showstopper time.
[Noel] Look at that little beauty.
-[Christiaan] Yeah…
-[whispering] Let's go slow, go slow.
[whispered muttering]
Christiaan, remind us
about your showstopper.
So my showstopper cake
is poppyseeds, lemon thyme,
a lemon and olive oil sponge
with lemon thyme French buttercream
and a raspberry and liquorice jam.
Wow.
[exhales]
-The design is wonderful.
-Love this layer here.
This layer doesn't look quite as polished
-as the top bit.
-No.
-[Alison] Oh, wow.
-[Prue] Look at that.
[Paul] Great-looking slice.
I've never tasted
anything like that before.
The liquorice with the raspberry,
it's unusual,
but that's not the first time
you've done unusual.
I like all the flavours,
but I think they're all a mite too strong.
I never thought I'd say this
because I'm always
asking for punchier flavour,
but it's almost too concentrated.
It's delicious in a tiny bit,
but I don't think
you could eat a whole slice.
And I think it's slightly overbaked.
The idea, though, I love it.
That's very Christiaan.
-Well done. Thank you.
-Thank you so much.
Well done, my darling.
[Christiaan] I'm a bit overwhelmed.
I feel a bit numb.
Of course it would be lovely to win,
but not everything
was exactly as I wanted it
in terms of flavour, in terms of shape.
[Georgie] I think
I did everything I could.
And I still honestly
don't know who could win it
because I had a bad day yesterday.
So, it could be… it still could be anyone.
[Dylan] Those two are just so talented.
It's crazy, I think I'm just really
humbled from that challenge.
I tried my best this week,
even if everything didn't go to plan.
But theirs were amazing.
It's between Christiaan and Georgie.
I think I'm out of it.
[all cheering]
[Georgie] Hi, guys!
[Christiaan] Hello.
[Noel] While the bakers are reunited
with their loved ones…
Hello, baby. Are you enjoying?
…Paul and Prue
have a huge decision to make.
[Alison] What a showstopper.
Three incredible cakes.
I can't get over them. They were amazing.
Lemon, poppyseeds, liquorice…
When you look at Christiaan's flavours,
very brave.
The wonderful thing about Christiaan
is his ability
to put strange things together
and make them taste fantastic.
But I think he just overdid it this time.
But I think it's decent enough
and he did win the technical
and he did well in the signature.
You are so good.
[Paul] I thought Dylan's
pulled himself up.
-I'm so proud of you.
-[Paul] I loved his flavours.
I just thought one of his sponges
was a bit concertinaed up.
But it was still absolutely delicious.
-What about our Welsh queen?
-[squeals]
[Paul] She did really well.
I loved the floral design.
It screamed the summer,
and it tasted of summer.
You could say it was very conventional
because it was strawberries and cream.
But these flavours are classic
-because they are the best.
-Yeah.
-And she just did what she does best.
-I think she did well.
She's been pretty constant.
Prue and I have got to talk about this.
-Is it close?
-Closer than you think.
You could make a case for each of them.
So you haven't decided just yet?
-No.
-I wanna talk to Prue.
-We're gonna have fisticuffs.
-It's exciting.
I am nervous 'cause I just don't know
who it's gonna be.
[Christiaan groans]
[all cheering]
Oh, my God.
[Alison] Oh, it's so lovely
to have you all here.
Can I please ask our incredible
three finalists to step forward, please?
[all cheering]
[Alison] Dylan, Christiaan, Georgie.
It's been an incredible final.
You've all been amazing.
But there can only be one winner.
The winner is…
Georgie.
[all cheering]
Well done.
[Georgie squeals]
I did it!
[all cheering]
[Christiaan] Well done.
[Georgie] Oh, my God!
[Kris] That's amazing.
-[Georgie] Paul!
-[Paul] You're the winner.
[Georgie] Oh, this is mad.
I've won it. I can't…
Can't believe I've won it.
Cannot believe I've won it.
It just means… It means…
It's just incredible.
[screams]
[laughs]
-Oh!
-[all laughing]
[Kris] Oh, my God. You're amazing.
It just means everything.
Like, I've always been so self-doubtful.
[yells]
I've got this or that wrong,
I can't do it.
I make excuses, and I just thought,
"I'm gonna go for it
and put my everything into it."
Working all the hours.
I've sacrificed things
with the kids and my family.
And I'm just so proud of myself
because I've just proved to myself
that I can do something.
And now I'm here today.
Winner! I'm the winner.
-[Prue] You didn't expect that, did you?
-My heart was… No, I didn't.
Georgie did what she does best,
classic British baking.
Beautifully done.
And won it, and quite right too.
That's a very special cake.
Full of flavour, full of life.
The Welsh wonder Georgie
smashed it out of the park.
[all cheering]
[Christiaan] I'm so, so, so proud
of Georgie.
So happy for her. She deserved it.
She is amazing, such a good baker.
Her cake was insane.
It was literally like picture-perfect
summer garden cake. It was so good.
-Well done.
-[Georgie kisses]
I'm glad she got it.
She's absolutely wicked.
-[Georgie yells]
-[all cheering]
[Georgie] I am already feeling sad
that I'm not coming back here
and I'm not gonna see everyone.
[Paul] Come on. Come on.
-You promised me you'd roll down the hill.
-[Georgie laughing]
-Do you remember?
-[Georgie] Yeah.
The people I've met are gonna be
best friends for life.
It's been the best thing I've ever done.
[Paul] Go on then, go on then.
[both laugh]
[gentler version of theme music playing]
Hiya. It's me and Andy.
-Hello, guys.
[closing theme music playing]